# AnolamyGenerator
The AnomalyGenertor was invented by Scientist Beth (Dotty) S'Tol [Child prodogy of parent Rain S'Tol] after studying the anomalies discovered by Boron Scientist Boso Ta and Captain Rain S'Tol. 
Dotty found that by adjusting the quantum resonance of the field generated by a shield generator and dumping extra energy and Antimatter directly into the shield field she was able to simulate the anomolies, including thier random nature.
She later discovered that by adding Antimatter Couplers to the shield generators that she could control the direction the anomoly connected.  
Further experimentation also revealed that by adjusting the energy used, that there was a direct corelation to distance traveled.

As Dotty explains it:  The Antimatter reacts with the fabric of space to create a temporary quantum link between two locations in space.  This quantum connection seems to fold space allowing instantaneous travel through the fold.
Anthing inside the temporary quantum link bubble was instantly transported to the other destination.
Testing quatities of anitmatter did not have a significant impact on the direct or distance traveled, while adjusting energy levels at the reaction site had significant impact.
7 Antimatter Cells has proved to be the minimum amount that would create the stable quantum connection.  The Techs started to coin the phrase "Lucky7" to describe the packs of antimatter they would feed through the Anitmatter Converters.  This later shortened to just "Seven".

Dotty also explained that the shield capacitors energy could be used, however doing this not only leaves the capcitors probably empty, but also increases the risky to shield generator damage or complete failure since they were not designed for the interaction they are being subjected to..

## TO DO Items:
- Shield Generator variants to include Antimatter Couplers in thier construction.
- Order ship to activate the Quantum Entanglement Translocation Singularity Generator.... Q-Drive to us common folks.
    -- Figure a way out to calculate energy cell requirements for Q-Jump.
- HQ research to discover the BP to make the shield generator variants and further research to discover the distances/energy variants.
